OUR MISSION
We provide innovative visa processing, consular and travel support services that deliver outstanding citizen experiences. We make people’s cross border mobility simple and convenient through highly secure, reliable, efficient, and innovative technology solutions. 
For our Client Governments: By being the partner of choice with trust and technique on their side; 
for our Customers: By providing exceptional customer service that ensures convenient and seamless experiences; 
for our Colleagues: By creating meaningful work opportunities at a diverse and inclusive workplace; for our Investors: By delivering stakeholder value through best-in-class corporate governance and ethics; 
for our Community: By developing partnerships that drive positive social impact.

DIGITAL KNOW-HOW
We support our government clients in their digital transformation by developing new tools and services that will help them move towards a more streamlined, paperless process. We free up storage space at local consulates and diplomatic missions and allow visa authorities to process large volumes of applications more quickly and efficiently with the eDocument online document management system. Thanks to our eMetrics in-house biometric solution, we can offer our clients a turnkey visa management solution including reliable biometric data capture customized to their specific requirements.


SECURITY BY DESIGN
Our Data Security Policy states that we are committed to maintaining the highest standards of data security. We act as a Data Processor for the governments we represent, collecting large quantities of personal data every day on their behalf. The citizens and travelers whom we welcome at our centers rely on us to ensure the confidentiality of this data, as do our government clients. We adhere to the strictest international standards in terms of data privacy and our Information Security Management System is subject to regular internal and external audits and is ISO 27001 certified. Our centers are designed to guarantee full protection of people, personal information and infrastructure, whatever the location. Our risk-based approach and continuous monitoring comply with the highest standards in the
security industry.We keep track of every aspect of your operations, providing you with real-time data for full transparency and control.

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
We strive for excellence in customer experience (CX) throughout the visa application process, aiming to provide a consistent customer journey across all touchpoints. Our websites are available in a number of different languages and are easy to navigate on a wide range of browsers and mobile devices. Our centers are conveniently located and staffed with experienced agents who are available to guide our visa applicants through the application process and recommend added value services to enhance their visa experience. Multiple opportunities are available for customers to provide feedback and we use this critical input to measure our performance and implement continuous improvement programmes across the business.We welcome all feedback, and your comments will be carefully considered. To help us serve you better, please include following information along with your feedback:Your name and contact details 
A clear description of the issue (e.g. dates, location, names of personnel dealt with, and any other relevant background) The type of visa you are applying for and your associated application reference number (or numbers)
We endeavor to reply within 2 business days.

Capabilities
We offer a wide range of advanced and secure solutions for online registration, appointment management, face-to-face appointments, interview facilitation and biometric data capture. We can help you with fee payment and reconciliation as well as secure document collection, transfer and return.

Core values
Our core values of Integrity, Commitment, and Entrepreneurship sit at the heart of the way we work. They articulate our central beliefs and form the foundation of all our people and business practices. We empower governments to enhance people’s cross-border mobility through innovation, technology and customer service excellence.

ABOUT US

At European Visa Services, we provide visa and consular services. Our core expertise is Schengen Visa Processing.There are 26 European countries that fall under the Schengen area. Within these countries, you may travel freely with your visa. The countries covered by the schengen visa are: Belgium, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Austria, Poland, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia, Spain, Czech Republic, Iceland, Sweden, Switzerland. 

People from outside the European Union can use the online form given below to see if they meet the requirements for a visa. An average visa application takes up to 2 months. Using new technology, we support governments in their digital transformation by helping them improve efficiency and enhance customer service. 

European Visa Services follows a policy where you get a refund if you do not receive a visa. 


frequently asked questions. 
How long may I stay in the Schengen area with a short-stay visa?
You may stay in the Netherlands or another Schengen country with a Schengen visa for a maximum of 90 days. After that, you have to leave the Schengen area again for 90 days. The definition of "short stay" is a stay of "90 days in 180-day period ". The validity of your visa can be found on the visa sticker in your passport. It also indicates how many times you may enter the Schengen area: once, twice or multiple times.

Can I go to England or Ireland with a Schengen visa?
No, the United Kingdom and also Ireland are not Schengen countries and are also no longer part of the EU since The Brexit. These countries each have their own visa policies, so a separate visa is needed for these countries. Nor does a visa or residence permit from these countries allow entry into the Schengen area.

How often may I enter the Schengen area with my visa?
Schengen visas can allow single or multiple entries. A single entry visa allows you to enter the Schengen area only once. This is indicated on the visa sticker by "01". If you have a multi-entry visa, then you may enter the Schengen area multiple times. You may stay in the Netherlands or the Schengen area for 90 consecutive days. If necessary, the 90 days can also be spread out into 180 days. In a period of 180 days a foreigner requiring a visa may stay in the Schengen area for a maximum of 90 days. For this, however, you need a separate visa: a multiple entry visa ("multiple travel"). On the Schengen visa application form, you can indicate that you need a multiple entry visa.


